To protect against atherosclerosis:-
Cholesterol-lowering drugs and other cholesterol medications. The intense lowering of LDL (or "bad") cholesterol can slow, stop, or even treat plaque buildup in the arteries.

medical:-
Cholesterol-lowering medications are often prescribed to lower cholesterol, improve arterial health, and prevent atherosclerosis. There are many other types of cholesterol-lowering drugs. Another common type is a cholesterol absorption inhibitor called ezetimibe (Zetia). It may be necessary to take more than one type of cholesterol medication.
Anticoagulants. Your doctor may prescribe anticoagulant medications, such as aspirin, to reduce the risk of platelets clumping in narrowed arteries, forming a blood clot, and thus further blockage.
blood pressure medications; Antihypertensive medications don't cure atherosclerosis, but they prevent or treat complications related to the disease. For example, certain blood pressure medications can reduce the risk of heart attacks.
other medicines. Your doctor may prescribe other medications to control health conditions that increase your risk of atherosclerosis, such as diabetes. Certain other medications may also be prescribed to treat symptoms of atherosclerosis, such as medications for pain in legs during exercise.

(surgical intervention):-
Angioplasty and stenting. This procedure, also called percutaneous coronary intervention, helps open a blockage or severe narrowing in an artery. The doctor inserts a catheter into the affected artery. A second catheter with a deflated balloon tip is passed through the first catheter to the site of the blockage. Then the doctor inflates the balloon, to widen the artery. A metal mesh tube (stent) is usually left in the artery to help keep it open.
Endarterectomy Sometimes accumulated plaques need to be surgically removed from the walls of a narrowed artery. When this procedure is done in the arteries of the neck (carotid arteries), it's called a carotid endarterectomy.
fibrinolytic therapy. If a blood clot is blocking an artery, your doctor may use a clot-dissolving drug to dissolve the clot.
Coronary artery bypass graft surgery. During this type of open-heart surgery, your doctor takes a healthy blood vessel from another part of your body to create a bypass around the blocked artery and redirect blood flow. Sometimes the shunt is a synthetic graft.
