to pretect heart attack:-
Anticoagulants. These drugs, or anticoagulants, as they are called, help dissolve blood clots that are blocking blood flow to your heart. The sooner you take an anticoagulant drug after a heart attack, the better your chance of survival and the less damage to your heart.
Antiplatelet drugs. Emergency room doctors may give you other drugs known as platelet aggregation inhibitors to help prevent new clots and prevent existing clots from growing.
Other blood-thinning medications. You will likely be given other drugs, such as heparin, to make your blood less "sticky" and less likely to form clots. Heparin is given by injection between the veins or by injection under the skin.
pain killers. You may be given a pain reliever such as morphine.
Nitroglycerin. Used to treat chest pain (angina), this drug can improve blood flow to the heart by widening (distending) blood vessels.
Beta blockers. These medications help relax your heart muscle, slow the heartbeat, and reduce blood pressure. What makes your heart function easier. Beta blockers can reduce the extent of heart damage and prevent future heart attacks.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors. These medications lower blood pressure and reduce stress on the heart.
Cholesterol-lowering drugs. These drugs help control blood cholesterol.

(Surgical intervention):-
Coronary angioplasty and stenting. In this procedure, also known as percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), doctors guide a long, thin tube (catheter) through a coronary artery in the groin or wrist into one of the blocked arteries in the heart. If you've had a heart attack, this procedure is often done right after a heart catheter, a procedure used to find blockages.
The catheter contains a special balloon that, once positioned, is slightly inflated to open the blocked coronary artery. A metal mesh stent is always inserted into the artery to keep it open long-term and to restore blood flow to the heart. A stent coated with a slow-release medication is usually placed to help keep your artery open.
Coronary artery bypass surgery. In some cases, doctors do emergency artery bypass surgery at the time of a heart attack. But when possible, you may have bypass surgery after your heart takes about three to seven days to recover from your heart attack.

Bypass surgery involves stitching up the veins or arteries behind a blocked or narrowed coronary artery, allowing blood to flow into the heart bypassing the narrowed portion.

You'll likely stay in the hospital for several days after blood flow to your heart is restored and you're stable.


