To protect against heart failure:-
There are stages of failure:-
Phase A. Signs or symptoms appear.
Stage B. The patient has heart disease.
Stage C. The patient has heart disease.
Stage "D". The patient has worsening heart failure and requires treatment.

medical:-
Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors. These medications relax blood vessels to lower blood pressure, improve blood flow, and reduce stress on the heart. Examples of these medications are enalapril (Vasotec, Epaned), lisinopril (Zestril, Qbrelis, Prinivil) and captopril.
Angiotensin II receptor blockers. These medications, including losartan (Cozaar), valsartan (Diovan) and candesartan (Atacand), have the benefits of an ACE inhibitor. They may be an option for people who can't tolerate ACE inhibitors.
Beta blockers. These medications slow the heart rate and lower blood pressure. Beta blockers may reduce signs and symptoms of heart failure, improve heart function and help you live longer. Examples include carvedilol (Coreg), metoprolol (Lopressor, Toprol-XL, and Kapspargo Sprinkle), and bisoprolol.
diuretics; Often called water pills, these diuretics increase the frequency of urination and prevent fluid from collecting in your body. An example of a diuretic is furosemide (Lasix), which also reduces fluid in your lungs so you can breathe more easily.
Aldosterone antagonists. These medications include spironolactone (Aldactone, Carospir) and eplerenone (Inspra). These medicines are diuretics that keep potassium in the body and have additional properties that may help people with acute systolic heart failure live longer.
Unlike some other diuretics, spironolactone and eplerenone can raise the level of potassium in your blood to dangerous levels, so you should talk to your doctor if you are concerned about excess potassium, and find out if you need to adjust the proportions of foods that are high in of potassium.

surgical intervention:-
Coronary artery bypass surgery. If severely blocked arteries are causing heart failure, your doctor may recommend coronary artery bypass surgery. The procedure involves taking a healthy blood vessel from the leg, arm or chest and then connecting it between the bottom and top of the blocked arteries in the heart. This new pathway improves blood flow to the heart muscle.
Heart valve repair or replacement. If a defective heart valve causes your heart to fail, your doctor may recommend valve repair or replacement. Surgeons can repair the valve by reconnecting the valve flaps or by removing excess valve tissue so that the leaflets can close tightly. Valve repair sometimes involves tightening or replacing the ring around the valve.
Cardiac resynchronization therapy (CRT). Cardiac resynchronization therapy, also known as biventricular regulation, is a treatment for heart failure in people whose lower heart chambers (ventricles) don't pump in sync. A device called a biventricular pacemaker sends electrical signals to the ventricles. These signals stimulate the ventricles to contract in a more coordinated fashion, improving the heart's pumping action. Cardiac resynchronization therapy may be used with an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator.


