Treatment of kidney cancer:-
Surgery is the most important and first solution in kidney cancer

Surgery is the primary treatment for most types of kidney cancer. The goal of surgery is to remove the cancer while preserving as much as possible the normal function of the kidneys. Among the operations that are performed to treat kidney cancer are:
Removing the affected kidney (nephrectomy). Complete (radical) nephrectomy involves removing the entire kidney and part of the healthy tissue next to it, and sometimes other nearby tissue such as the lymph nodes, adrenal gland or other tissues.
The surgeon may remove the kidney through a single incision in the abdomen or flank (this process is known as open nephrectomy), or through a combination of small incisions in the abdomen (this process is known as laparoscopic nephrectomy or robotic-assisted laparoscopic nephrectomy).
Removing the tumor from the kidney (this operation is known as partial nephrectomy). Also called kidney-sparing, nephron-sparing, or nephron-sparing surgery, the surgeon removes the cancer and a small amount of surrounding healthy tissue rather than the entire kidney. This operation can be performed as an open surgical procedure, using an endoscope, or with the help of a robot.
Kidney-sparing surgery is a common treatment for small kidney cancers, and it might be an option if you live with only one kidney. Whenever possible, doctors generally tend to perform kidney-sparing surgery rather than a complete nephrectomy, to preserve kidney function and reduce the possibility of complications later on. Such as kidney disease and the need for dialysis

and It can be done without surgery by the following:-
Treatment to freeze cancer cells (cryoablation). The cryoablation procedure involves inserting a special hollow needle through the skin into the kidney tumor using an ultrasound or other image to guide the movement of the needle. Cold gas passed through the needle is used to freeze the cancer cells.
Treatment with heating cancer cells (radiofrequency ablation). Radiofrequency ablation involves inserting a special probe through the skin into the kidney tumor using ultrasound or other images to guide the position of the probe. An electric current is passed through the needle to the cancer cells, causing the cells to heat up or burn.
