to treatmenate psoriasis
There is more than one treatment for psoriasis
1- topical treatment
2- Phototherapy
3- Medication treatment

1- topical treatment:-
corticosteroids; These medications are the most commonly prescribed medications for mild to moderate psoriasis. They are available in the form of ointments, creams, lotions, gels, foams, sprays and shampoos. Mild corticosteroid ointments (hydrocortisone) are usually recommended for sensitive areas, such as your face or skin folds, and for treating blemishes. Topical corticosteroids may be used once daily during flare-ups, day after day, or only on weekends to maintain remission.

Your doctor may prescribe a stronger corticosteroid cream or ointment - triamcinolone (Acetonide, Trianex), clobetasol (Timovate) for areas that are smaller, less sensitive or difficult to treat.
Vitamin D analogues. Synthetic forms of vitamin D, such as calcipotriene and calcitriol (Vectical), slow the growth of skin cells. This type of medication may be used alone or with topical corticosteroids. Calcitriol may cause less irritation in sensitive areas. Calcipotriene and calcitriol are usually more expensive than topical corticosteroids.
retinoids; Tazarotene (Tazorac, Avage) is available in gel and cream form, and is applied once or twice daily. The most common side effects are skin irritation and increased sensitivity to light.
Calcineurin inhibitors. Calcineurin inhibitors, such as tacrolimus (Protopic) and pimecrolimus (Elidel), reduce inflammation and plaque buildup. They can be particularly useful in areas of thin skin, such as around the eyes, where steroid creams or retinoids are very irritating or may cause adverse effects.

Calcineurin inhibitors are not recommended for use during pregnancy, breastfeeding, or if you intend to become pregnant. This medicine is also not intended for long-term use due to a possible increased risk of skin cancer and lymphoma.
salicylic acid; Salicylic acid shampoo and scalp lotion reduce scales of scalp psoriasis. It can be used alone, or to enhance the ability of other medications to penetrate the skin more easily.
Coal tar. Coal tar reduces scaling, itching and inflammation. It's available over-the-counter or by prescription in different forms, such as shampoo, cream, and oil. These products can cause skin irritation. They are also messy, they stain clothes and bedding, and can have a strong odor.

2- Phototherapy:-
Sun rays. Daily exposure to the sun for brief periods (solar therapy) may improve psoriasis. Before beginning a solar treatment regimen, ask your doctor about the safest way to use natural light to treat psoriasis.
Ultraviolet B broadband. Calculated doses of broadband UVB light from an artificial light source can treat single patches, diffuse psoriasis, and psoriasis that does not improve with topical treatments. Short-term side effects may include redness, itching, and dry skin. Regular hydration can help relieve your discomfort.
narrow band UVB rays. Narrowband UVB light therapy may be more effective than broadband UVB therapy and has replaced broadband therapy in many places. It's usually given two or three times a week until the skin improves, then given in much smaller doses as a preventative treatment. However, narrowband UVB light therapy may cause more severe and long-lasting burns.

3-Medication treatment:-
steroids
retinoids
methotrexate
cyclosporine
Biological drugs (etanercept, infliximab, adalimumab, ustkinumab, secukinumab, and ixekizumab)